# Web Presence: Users and Needs

This is to document the users and their needs for determining the content and functionality of the Site Scanning web presence.

## Users/User Types
  - Gov program/agency web property managers (Managers)
  - Gov/agency data analysts (Analysts)
  - Gov/agency engineers (Engineers)

## User Needs
  - Managers need to find high-level information about Site Scanning to understand what it is, what it does, and how the program solves their agency’s needs around site information.  - User Stories:
    - As an agency program manager/director, I want to know how the Site Scanning program works so that I can decide if the data can be helpful to the agency team members working on our sites.
    - As an agency web manager, I want to know all of the sites that my agency hosts so that I can understand the breadth and depth of our web presence.
    - As an agency web manager, I want to see a list of my sites need modernization so that I can prioritize those efforts accodingly.
  - Analysts need to have access to the scan data to spot problems or trends.
  - Engineers need to have access to the scan data API to connect the data with other systems programmatically (e.g. creating dashboards, ingesting and reusing the data within different applications, etc.).
  - Engineers need to find information on how to:
    - Construct new scans
    - Suggest new scans
    - Alter existing scans (or suggest improvements) 


## What Web Components Are Needed to Match User Needs
* Program 'Website' 
* Non-intimidating entry point to the scan links and filtering the data
* Deep technical documentation for accessing and understanding the data 
* Code documentation 

## Possible Solutions

1) Digital.gov presence for the program website.  ?? for the non-intimidating entry point.  API Docs and GitHub repos for the technical documentation and code documentation
2) Autogenerated API clients as a possibility using something like Swagger (for deep technical bits)




